{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1. 1 A PROJECT REPORT ON ONLINE VEHICLE RENTAL SYSTEM OF AMARTYA GHOSH MOHAMMAD ASAD SYMBIOSIS INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY, PUNE 2014\par
2. 2 ACKNOWLEDGMENT We would like to express our deepest appreciation to all those who provided us the possibility to complete this report. A special gratitude to our final year project mentor, Mrs Anagha Vaidya, whose contribution in stimulating suggestions and encouragement, helped us to coordinate and complete our project especially in writing this report. Furthermore, we would also like to acknowledge with much appreciation, the crucial role of the staff of SICSR, who gave the permission to use all the resources and other necessary materials to complete the project, 'ONLINE VEHICLE RENTAL SYSTEM' We shall also thank deep heartedly to the Course Coordinator of BBA-IT , Mrs Priti Kulkarni, who have invested her full effort in guiding the team in achieving the goal of concluding the project with a satisfactory note.\par
3. 3 ABSTRACT This project is being considered in order to reduce and eliminate loss of customers to competitors, and save the company from folding up. The current system is manual and it is time consuming. It is also cost ineffective, and average return is low and diminishing. Currently, customers can call or walk-in in order to rent or reserve a vehicle. The staff of the company will check their file to see which vehicle is available for rental. The current system is error prone and customers are dissatisfied. The goal of this project is to automate vehicle rental and reservation so that customers do not need to walk-in or call in order to reserve a vehicle. They can go online and reserve any kind of vehicle they want from the inventory of available vehicles. Even when a customer chooses to walk-in, computers are available for him to go online and perform his reservation. When he choose to reserve by phone, any of the customer service representatives can help him reserve the vehicle speedily and issue him a reservation number. The OVRS will maintain the database of all vehicles the company has. It will also keep track of all vehicle reservation and return. Reports will be generated bi-weekly. Reports for the Accounts Manager will detail the cost incurred to maintain each vehicle and revenue accrued on each vehicle.\par
4. 4 CERTIFICATE OF THE INSTITUTE Certificate This is to certify that Mr./Ms. ------ Has successfully completed the project entitled _______ For ______ In the partial fulfillment of the Bachelor of Business Administration (Information Technology) From Symbiosis Institute of Computer Studies & Research (Constituent of Symbiosis International (Deemed University), Pune) Ms. Priti Kulkarni Mr. Lalit Kathpalia In Charge, BBA(IT) Director Name of Project Guide: Sign : Name of Examiner : Sign :\par
5. 5 STUDY OF EXISTING SYSTEM \f1\'a7\f0  PROJECT PROFILE The Online Vehicle Rental System(OVRS) of JUSTCABS PVT LTD, is an online reservation system which helps the customers to book cabs and vehicles online rather than using the traditional manual system of vehicle reservation. OVRS eliminates the risk of erroneous bookings and reduces overall lead time and ensures growth in customer satisfaction. The OVRS application\rquote s development strategies and procedures were defined in parallel with the Hertz Corporation\rquote s Car Rental System and the project guidelines were defined in support of creating an effective and an efficient OVRS . The OVRS application\rquote s efficiency and effectiveness depends entirely upon the accuracy (i.e. number of successful transactions) it delivers. By the analysis of the literatures and the Hertz Corporation case study, the basic business process clarity is realized in terms of the functional processes, entities & modules. The OVRS is designed on similar business processes as of the Hertz Corporation thereby ensuring the output as a totally effective and an efficient system that would eventually benefit the society of Pune and other neighboring regions. In the near future, the OVRS of JustCabs pvt ltd shall need upgrades and expansions handling an increased number of clients, as well as incorporating next generation technologies. The company's future expansion in terms of size, clients, business processes shall also affect the current version of OVRS, therefore it is bound for the adaptations and modifications.\par
6. 6 \f1\'a7\f0  EXISTING SYSTEM Existing system, which is the traditional system, in which client needs to go the JustCab office and book manually, which require lots physical and mental efforts. In traditional system there are many chances of human errors like wrong entry of journey date, journey time and destination as everything is recorded manually in a register by an employee, thereby increasing the chances of a mis-registration. Chances of improper communication are high which may result in delay of service. In traditional car rental system i.e. existing system the level of sharing the information was very weak, that is when any information was shared by the customer was not recorded in the system but only listened by the service provider which may result in loss of relevant information which ultimately results in the delay of service. In existing system the response time from the service was ordinary because of one-way communication which deteriorates the market and goodwill of the organization. It also consumes unnecessary time and efforts, thereby making it not feasible for customers who do not have time to spare on such bookings while leading their fast lives.\par
7. 7 \f1\'a7\f0  PROBLEMS FACED BY USERS The problem statement of this project is to develop an online process of vehicle rental service in Pune. The current system is manual and it is time consuming as well as ineffective in terms of returns. Currently, customers have to call manually in order to rent or reserve a vehicle. The staff of the vehicle rental service company will check their file to see which vehicle is available for rental. The goal of this project is to automate vehicle rental and reservation so that customers do not need to call and spend unnecessary time in order to reserve a vehicle. They can go online and reserve any kind of vehicle they want and that is available. Even when a customer chooses to visit the booking centre to personally hire a vehicle, computers are available for him to go online and perform his reservation. When he choose to reserve by phone, any of the customer service representatives can help him reserve the vehicle speedily and issue him a reservation number.\par
8. 8 ANALYSIS PHASE \f1\'a7\f0  OBJECTIVE OF THE SYSTEM The objective of this project is to automate vehicle rental and reservation so that customers do not need to call and spend unnecessary time in order to reserve a vehicle. They can go online and reserve any kind of vehicle they want and that is available. Even when a customer chooses to visit the booking centre to personally hire a vehicle, computers are available for him to go online and perform his reservation. When he choose to reserve by phone, any of the customer service representatives can help him reserve the vehicle speedily, and issue him a reservation number. The proposed update feature of OVRS is to allow the passenger\rquote s associates to track the current status of the journey, also evaluating the remaining duration till the passenger reaches its destination. The passengers will be provided with a provision to log into the system and check the status of their journey. The vehicle tracking feature is appreciated widely at the time of emergencies such as accidents, as at the time of an accident, the tracking device triggers an emergency alarm that simultaneously informs the Just Cabs attendants as well as the nearby hospital units or medical clinics about the incident and thereby asking for an immediate help.\par
9. 9 \f1\'a7\f0  STAKEHOLDERS OF THE SYSTEM The OVRS application involves many stakeholders or people associated directly or indirectly with the system in order to acquire certain benefit from it. The stakeholders are classified according to the OVRS' processes. Process 1: Potential Reservation & User Login Purpose : The OVRS will respond or be active only then when a customer is interested to hire a cab for rent from JustCabs Pvt Ltd. Therefore a customer shall book a cab by making a call to the JustCabs Pvt Ltd office or by reserving it through the website. Before making a reservation, the customer has to enroll himself to the system by creating a unique user profile containing essential personal details. These details will be saved in the application's database and therefore, the details shall be extracted only then, when the user is identified by the system and thus helping him/her progress in order to book the vehicle. The client-user's details that are mandatory as inputs for the OVRS application are further mentioned below - \f1\'a7\f0  Name of the client \f1\'a7\f0  Date of Birth of the client \f1\'a7\f0  Gender of the client \f1\'a7\f0  Residential Address of the client \f1\'a7\f0  City of residence \f1\'a7\f0  State of residence \f1\'a7\f0  Country of Residence \f1\'a7\f0  Preferred unique user-name for accessing the system \f1\'a7\f0  Preferred password for accessing the system \f1\'a7\f0  Citizenship identification document (Passport, PAN Card, Driving License)\par
10. 10 Actor(s) : \f1\'b7\f0  Customer \f1\'b7\f0  Customer Representative Activity Flow : a. The client or the customer will log into the OVRS system by making a phone call or by going to the website and selecting the 'Login' option. If the person is a 'first time user', then he/she will select the option 'Register'. b. If the client has opted to reserve a cab via telephone services, he/she needs to dial the JustCabs Pvt Ltd's cab reservation service number and choose either to book using the automated voice operative or by opting for the real-time customer representative. c. In both the cases, the user needs to provide his/her username and password along with details like pick-up point and drop point, date of service and time of service along with number of passengers. d. In case of booking through website, the user needs to provide the correct username as well as the password and click on the submit button to access the reservation dashboard.\par
11. 11 Process 2: Access reservation dashboard Purpose: The reservation dashboard allows a client/ user to create a booking, cancel a booking, schedule an advance booking, change the personal details, renew account as well as change a password. Activity Flow: After successfully logging in, the client will be able to access the reservation dashboard and do bookings based on pick-up points, drop point, time and date of pick-up and drop. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  Client/User \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system Process 3: Make a booking Purpose: Previously, after selecting the pick-up and drop off points on a particular date and at the particular time, the user has to choose a type of vehicle which would be available for service. The user also needs to select a type of plan with respect to the service avail duration, for instance hourly type plan or distance type plan or to avail executive services. After the selection has been made, the OVRS redirects the client-user to the payment gateway. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  Client/User \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system \f1\'a7\f0  Customer representative officer\par
12. 12 Process 4: Payment Purpose: To reserve the service along with the preferences selected, the user needs to pay to JustCabs Pvt Ltd by entering into the bank payment portal and thereby passing on credentials like - \f1\'a7\f0  Bank Name (Eg State Bank Of India) \f1\'a7\f0  Bank Card type (Visa/Master Card) \f1\'a7\f0  Card Name (Rohit Kumar) \f1\'a7\f0  Card Number (XXXX XXXX XXXX 1234) \f1\'a7\f0  Valid Thru (01/11 - 01/20) \f1\'a7\f0  CVV Number (XXX) \f1\'a7\f0  Bank portal security password - XXXXXXX After providing these details, the amount is credited to the service vendor's (JustCabs Pvt Ltd) bank account. Therefore, this exchange marks the user as a positive customer and hence the system starts working on the execution of the service asked by the client. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  Client/User \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system \f1\'a7\f0  Bank Merchant - client \f1\'a7\f0  Bank Merchant - Vendor\par
13. 13 Process 5: Acknowledge and receipt acceptance Purpose: After the successful payment, the client is given an unique receipt number by the OVRS, specified in the dashboard about the upcoming booking number. After providing these details, the amount is credited to the service vendor's (JustCabs Pvt Ltd) bank account. Therefore, this exchange marks the user as a positive customer and hence the system starts working on the execution of the service asked by the client. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  Client/User \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system \f1\'a7\f0  Bank Merchant - Vendor Process 7: Journey and service review & Performance feedback Purpose: The user/ customer shall produce repeat business only then if the service availed and used by them creates a certain amount of satisfaction and therefore eventually raising the bar of expectation. The vehicle condition and staff behavior are aspects of a good quality business and, serve as an important metrics for evaluating overall performance of the system. Post the Journey, the users are asked to fill in the feedback form and post comments on either OVRS rate and review portal or manually through the telephone service. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  Client/User \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system \f1\'a7\f0  Vehicle drivers. \f1\'a7\f0  External users or existing customers\par
14. 14 Process 9: Log Out Purpose: After the user has completed a successful transaction and a reservation, the client user must log out or sign off. If he/she wants to access the dashboard again, then the client can reserve again with the existing login session without signing off. But a time-out session provision is also present in the system. Actor(s): \f1\'a7\f0  OVRS system \f1\'a7\f0  Client/OVRS Users\par
15. 15 \f1\'a7\f0  FEASIBILITY STUDY - WHO WILL BENEFIT FROM THIS SERVICE? The business idea proposed by Just cabs Pvt. Ltd is unique with respect to other cab rental agencies\rquote  policies. The reception of the service by the customers in huge numbers is still uncertain as the business idea has not been made into function as of now, but the analysis made by the company\rquote s founders show a massive growth in terms of customer response and hence availing this service soon after the application is launched. According to the company representatives when asked about the advantages of such a service, the statement was that, \ldblquote In today\rquote s fast moving world, people really feel about the importance of time and hence they want no wastage of it. So everyone is getting drawn towards excellent and professional service that ensures quality and no wastage of unnecessary time. In our opinion, the service provided by us to the people will benefit them largely as there are around 10,000 daily commuters between Mumbai and Pune, who still prefer rental cabs over buses or trains as they believe that travelling by cabs would make them reach their destination early as compared to any other conveyance opted. Pre-requisites/Resources required to develop the application Hardware resources: - (For website/application development purpose) - System specifications: - OS: Win XP or later - Memory: 2GB or more - Storage: 250 GB or more - Processor: 2.0GHz: Intel core 2 duo or later; equivalent AMD processor\par
16. 16 Software resources: - (For website/application development purpose) - The website\rquote s base functions and structure can be designed using Drupal 7 or later - PHP scripts can be used for adding functionality towards the server side management of the website application. - JavaScript/CSS can be used to design the appearance of the website, for instance buttons, frames and so on.\par
17. 17 USE CASE DIAGRAM LOGIN REGISTRATION DO ENQUIRY DO RESERVATION USER\par
18. 18 Entity Relationship Diagram USER user-id user-name user-PANCARD books VEHICLE vehicle-id vehicle-name vehicle-Type vehicle-Reg.No USER BOOKING TABLE allotDRIVER driver-namedriver-id driver- license.no proceed for PAYMENT M MM M1 1 1\par
19. 19 DESIGN \f1\'b7\f0  TABLE DESIGN In order to enter data into a system for future reference or retrieval of data, it has to be stored in a database. The size of the database will be based on the amount of data and the type of the data to be stored in it. In the OVRS system to reserve cabs for making a journey, as a part of the company's policy, the data of the customer i.e. the name, address, dob, ID proof, marital status, occupation, are asked by the system to store the customer's credentials for just one time so that it is termed as a 'business entity' and generate an unique Customer ID and term it as a business customer and hence through the particular reference, it may result in repeat business in future. Apart from the recurring business, a concern for security also arises. And primarily in today's world, possessing customer-centric data is a crucial asset. The OVRS is developed using Drupal, a content management system. Drupal provides a systematic arrangement of storing data into any database using a home server like WAMP or LAMP. WAMP refers to 'Windows Apache MySQl & PHP' Since, the development of OVRS shall be made on the Windows Operating System platform, hence the use of OVRS is necessary. Using Drupal, creating the logical structure of a table in the database is not required since the in-built modules present in the CMS create the indexes in the table using the field names. Eg: <field_name:Customer_details> Customer name = 'Rakesh' Customer address = 43B, Link Road, Pune in the MySQl table structure ~ (creating a table named Customer_details having fields) CREATE TABLE Customer_details (CustomerName Varchar(255), CustomerAddress Varchar(255), ) In the dashboard, the developer can configure the field datatypes and simultaneously get reflected in the database's logical structure of the datatype the field is going to use.\par
20. 20 Handling databases is more easy and convenient in Drupal or similar CMS'. The tables in the MySQl database shall be created automatically by Drupal for the following entities - \f1\'a7\f0  User_Details (Master Table) Field datatype Comments User-id varchar Primary User-name varchar - User-PANCARD varchar - \f1\'a7\f0  Driver_Details Field datatype Comments driver-id Varchar2 Primary driver-name Varchar2 - driver-license.no Varchar2 - \f1\'a7\f0  Vehicle_Details (Master Table) Field datatype Comments vehicle-id Varchar2 Primary vehicle-name Varchar2 - Vehicle-type Varchar2 - Vehicle-regsitration.no Varchar2 - \f1\'b7\f0  User_Booking_Table Field datatype Comments User-id Varchar2 foreign vehicle-id Varchar2 foreign Driver-id Varchar2 foreign Payment Varchar2 -\par
21. 21 \f1\'b7\f0  UI DESIGN The main feature of any software application infrastructure relies on the 'ease' of use of the system by providing a simple yet effective UI for the user. In this case, the OVRS can be accessed by any user, barring users who are minors and are below 15 years of age. Prevention of minors from reservation is enabled because a confirmed reservation involves the vehicle drivers to deliver service to a target customer. In some cases, minors may put up a prank and make a reservation, thereby disturbing the whole business process activity. But yes, enabling a payment feature during reservation might solve the issue. A good software application UI should be lean and have a very subtle look avoiding funky backgrounds and texts, also providing less navigational tabs to help the user from being less confused. An example of the OVRS UI design is as below - (Prototype version only)\par
22. 22 \f1\'b7\f0  PROGRAM DESIGN The objective of the OVRS is that a user can use the web application from any device and make a successful registration. In order to achieve so, primarily the requirements analysis document has to be studied carefully and thoroughly. To give the idea a reality, a development platform is to be used like development in PHP or JavaScript or C++ or Java and so on. \f1\'a7\f0  In this case, Drupal has been opted for the development of the OVRS. \f1\'a7\f0  Drupal supports many packages and modules that ease the functionality as well as provides a rich graphical UI to the user. \f1\'a7\f0  Use of Content Construction Kit(CCK) is advisable. \f1\'a7\f0  After the application has been developed, a review is to be conducted for ensuring that the implementation of necessary modules is a must. \f1\'a7\f0  If found loop holes in between, the developers must re-work to ensure the system's safety and scope. \f1\'a7\f0  At each phase, the requirements of the OVRS must be implemented using modules and custom tweaking. \f1\'a7\f0  Finally, after the application is ready, several tests such as BlackBox testing, Beta testing and other tests must be carried out to find bugs and issues in the code and fix them. \f1\'a7\f0  Before releasing it out to the world, a sample must be tried and reviewed by a small group, like people in the neighborhood and collect those neighbor's feedback regarding the system. If negative feedbacks or similar statements arrive, then they have to be implemented and rectified in the system and tested again.\par
23. 23 \f1\'b7\f0  DESIGN DOCUMENTATION A design document states about the design and scope of a software, giving the software development team an overall guidance and information about the software application. \f1\'b7\f0  DATA DESIGN The entities participating in the OVRS to reserve a cab or a vehicle, follow a 1 to Many type of architecture. . There is a hierarchy followed by any OVRS' data fields. For eg... Customer_details will branch out further as Customer_Name and Customer_Address and so on. The data stored, will be accessed by Drupal by establishing a connection with the MySql database.\par
24. 24 CONSTRUCTION OF THE CODE The development of the OVRS of JustCabs pvt ltd has been extensively made using the popular 'open-source' Content Management System - Drupal version 7. The primary reason of choosing a CMS instead of proceeding for a regular OOP language development is because of security issues and data handling. Since we learnt that the OVRS has a certain scope for future expansion, we concluded to use the CMS as in future, expanding the business web application would be much more easier than to code entire new functions altogether, thereby increasing complexities to 'call-to-function' activities in the OOP languages. More so, the chances for code errors are minimal if using a CMS. Since, Drupal 7 provides a dashboard environment to the user giving the developer all kinds of administrative privileges to perform functions, no scratch coding is required. Several modules, themes and other support packages are available on the web, that can extend a web application or a website's functionality. \f1\'b7\f0  LIST OF MODULES AND THEMES USED FOR DEVELOPMENT MODULES \f1\'a7\f0  ADMIN_MENU \f1\'a7\f0  AUTO_INDEXER \f1\'a7\f0  AUTOASSIGNROLE \f1\'a7\f0  DATE \f1\'a7\f0  DRUPAL-FORM \f1\'a7\f0  FRONT \f1\'a7\f0  LOGINTOBOGGAN \f1\'a7\f0  REDIRECT_AFTER_LOGOUT \f1\'a7\f0  WEBFORM\par
25. 25 MODULE FUNCTIONALITIES * ADMIN_MENU - Administrative menu providing a clean interface for accessing functions, menus and dashboard for development * AUTO_INDEXER - Auto Cron * AUTOASSIGNROLE - Auto assigning of role when a user registers himself in the system * FRONT - Customizing the Front page * LOGINTOBOGGAN - Provides a classic Login in-out interface * REDIRECT_AFTER_LOGOUT - Redirect to a specific page or URL after logout * WEBFORM - For creating registration forms \f1\'b7\f0  THEME USED FOR DEVELOPMENT 'SIMPLECORP' VERSION 2\par
26. 26 JUSTCABS - OVRS SCREENSHOTS Screenshot 1 : Homepage\par
27. 27 Screenshot 2 : Making a reservation\par
28. 28 Screenshot 3 : Reservation form successfully submitted on OVRS\par
29. 29 Screenshot 4: Reservation Submissions analysis\par
30. 30 Screenshot 5 : Customer Registration\par
31. 31 Screenshot 6 - Customer Registration Successful : Overlay display\par
32. 32 Screenshot 7 - Employee Details Registration : Overlay Display\par
33. 33 Screenshot 8 - Driver Details Registration : Overlay Display\par
34. 34 Screenshot 9 : JCOVRS - Access Menu Page\par
35. 35 Screenshot 10 : Vehicle Details Registration : Overlay Display\par
36. 36 Screenshot 11 : User Details\par
37. 37 VERIFICATION & VALIDATION \f1\'b7\f0  LOGIN TEST CASE Sr. No. Test Case ID Test Case Objective Pre- requisite Steps / Procedures & Data Expected Result Actual Result Status 1 TC_Login_01 To Check the Functionality Application should be 1.Enter the Valid Username Valid Username should of the Valid Username in installed on the System. "admin" in Username text field. be accepted and Home Username text field and 2.Enter Password "admin" in Page should be displayed. Valid "Password" with minimum Password text field. 4 characters in the 3.Click on "Login" button. Password text field. 2 TC_Login_02 To Check the Functionality of Launch the Application 1. Enter the invalid Username Invalid Username should not be the invalid "Username" by entering Login into the System. "$%&%&" in Username text field accepted and error message special characters in Username text 2. Enter Password "admin" in window should be displayed field and valid Password in the Password text Field. with an error message "Enter Password Field. 3. Click on Login button. Valid Username" 3 TC_Login_03 To Check the functionality of Launch the Application 1. Enter the Valid Invalid Password\par
38. 38 the valid Username should not Username in Username text field Login into the System. "admin" in Username text field. be accepted and error message and invalid Password in the Password 2. Enter Invalid Password "$$$$" in window should be displayed field. Password text field. with error message "Enter 3. Click on "Login" Button. Valid Password" 4 TC_Login_04 To Check the Functionality of the invalid Launch the application Login 1. Enter the invalid Username "admin" Invalid Password & Invalid Username Password by entering Special character in to the System in Username textfield. should not be accepted in the Password in the Password text field and invalid 2. Enter invalid Password "^$^$^$" in text field and Username text field & it Username with Special character in the Password textfield. show the message "Please Enter Valid Username filed. 3. Click on Login button. Username & Password". 5 TC_Login_05 To Check the functionality of Invalid Launch the application Login 1.Enter Invalid Username " " Invalid Password & Invalid Username Username by entering Blank spaces in to the System in Username textfield. should not be accepted in the Password in Username text field & Invalid Password. 2. Enter Invalid Password " " text field and Username text field & it by entering Blank spaces in Password in Password textfield. show the message "Please Enter\par
39. 39 Valid text field. 3. Click on Login button. Username & Password". 6 TC_Login_06 To Check the functionality of "Login Launch the application Login 1. Enter the Valid Username "admin" in Home Page should be Displayed on button. into the System. Username text field. the Screen. 2. Valid Password. 3. Click on Login button. 7 TC_Login_07 To Check the functionality when "Login" Launch the application Login 1. Enter the Valid Username "admin" in Home Page should not be Displayed on button is not Clicked. into the System. Username text field. the Screen. 2. Valid Password. 8 TC_Login_08 To Check the functionality of the "Forgot Password" button 1. Enter Username Clicking on "Forgot Password" button "Forgot Password" button should be available 2. Enter Password Forgot Password Window should be 3. Click on "Login" button opened. 4. Click on "Forgot Password" button\par
40. 40 \f1\'b7\f0  NAVIGATION TEST CASE 1 TC_NAV_01 To Check the Functionality Application should be 1.After successful login, redirect to homepage Valid Username should of the navigation installed on the System. 2.Through the homepage navigate to be accepted and Home from Homepage and then the first page that the users will access s Other menu links like 'reserve a cab' Page should be displayed. to other menu links should be the Homepage. 3.When transaction finally done, Click on other click on "Logout" button menu links for other functions\par
41. 41 ANNEXURES \f1\'b7\f0  USER INTERFACE SNAPSHOTS - INPUT SCREENS Screenshot : Homepage\par
42. 42 Screenshot : Making a Reservation\par
43. 43 screenshot : Customer Registration\par
44. 44 \f1\'b7\f0  REPORTS - RUNTIME SCREENSHOTS Screenshot : Reservation Submissions analysis\par
45. 45 \f1\'b7\f0  DRAWBACKS Currently, due to unavailability of the proper module for online payments, the payment feature has been withheld. As concerns for security arise day by day, ensuring safety and security is the primary focus of a developer or the system may be a victim of cybercrimes. \f1\'b7\f0  FUTURE ENHANCEMENTS If an appropriate module for secure payment is identified or externally developed, then it shall be incorporated in the next version. Also, the feature for tracking the passenger's real-time location while in a journey, needs cash flow and simultaneous deployment activity, hence serious professionals should be consulted and if found feasible then, shall be incorporated in the next version.\par
}
 